NEXT-33234 - feat: implement product-stream custom field entity select (#3522)
shopware/platform: changelog/_unreleased/2023-03-24-implement-custom-field-entity-select-for-dynamic-product-groups.md

---
title: Implement Custom Field entity select for dynamic product groups
issue: -
author: Rafael Kraut
author_email: 14234815+RafaelKr@users.noreply.github.com
author_github: RafaelKr
___
# Administration

> * Update dynamic product group condition component `module/sw-product-stream/component/sw-product-stream-value` to show a `sw-entity-single-select` or `sw-entity-multi-id-select` for custom fields of type `'entity'`. Previously this rendered a text field where you had to insert an UUID. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed the dynamic product group condition component `module/sw-product-stream/component/sw-product-stream-value` to show a `sw-entity-single-select` or `sw-entity-multi-id-select` for custom fields of type `'entity'`. Previously this rendered a text field where you had to insert an UUID. 
```
